Tian Dou Long Shuai is not in Jiang Province, sir
Without further ado
You'd better leave with me first
This is the order of the General Army
No way.
I must not leave Mr. Lin alone
Sir, your life cannot be violated.
Mr. Lin, come with me
You stay here.
They won't make you feel better
Don't worry, I'll be fine
But adults are in a hurry
If anything happens to Lin Tze
Just wait to bear the anger of this lord
Here we go.
Lin Tze, are you finally alone now?
Linze
It seems that you are now the wife of Lord Feng Ming Hou
The child is useless
Just accept your fate
It seems that you haven't figured out the situation yet.
Chief Tian Dou has already made his position clear
Those who offend the authority of Long Shuai will be killed without mercy
We are on the side of Long Shuai
Only you insist on going your own way to offend the day
No one can protect you now
The battle legion is one against a hundred
brave battle
So many people sent today
It seems that your boy is doomed today
One person is enough for him
All up
He just has the ability to reach the sky
You have to commit
It's time for Linze's farce to end
The trial is over
Who are you?
Needle, needle, why is he here?
Mr. Lianzhen
Someone is making trouble here
He not only opened his limbs to the lark
He also pulled out Long Shuai's Eight Desolate Saber
You must punish him severely
You're talking about the one above.
Ah yes yes yes hey yes
It's him it's him
Yuan Zhen pays homage to Tengu Dragon Marshal
Meet Tengu Dragon Shuai